capital = 111

oob = "FIN_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = FIN_risto_heikki_ryti
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_aaltonen
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_annala
recruit_character = FIN_kyosti_kallio
recruit_character = FIN_carl_mannerheim
recruit_character = FIN_erik_heinrichs
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_petter_nenonen
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_arho
recruit_character = FIN_valio_porvari
recruit_character = FIN_jarl_lundqvist
recruit_character = FIN_hugo_osterman
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_malmberg
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_sarko
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_valve
recruit_character = FIN_akseli_anttila
recruit_character = FIN_harald_ohquist
recruit_character = FIN_eero_rahola
recruit_character = FIN_karl_oesch
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_tiainen
recruit_character = FIN_ralf_torngren
recruit_character = FIN_antti_hackzell
recruit_character = FIN_ake_henrik_gartz


add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1			
	interwar_antiair = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "2022.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}


add_ideas = {
	sisu
}