capital = 141	

oob = "SWE_2023"

set_research_slots = 3

add_ideas = {
	en_svensk_tiger
	neutrality_idea
}

set_stability = 0.25
set_war_support = 0.1

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "2022.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}

set_convoys = 12

recruit_character = SWE_per_albin_hansson
recruit_character = SWE_sven_olov_lindholm
recruit_character = SWE_sven_linderot
recruit_character = SWE_axel_pehrssonbramstorp
recruit_character = SWE_folke_hogberg
recruit_character = SWE_erik_af_edholm
recruit_character = SWE_claes_lindstrom
recruit_character = SWE_per_sylvan
recruit_character = SWE_gosta_ehrensvard
recruit_character = SWE_torsten_friis
recruit_character = SWE_erik_palmstierna
recruit_character = SWE_helge_stromback
recruit_character = SWE_helge_jung
recruit_character = SWE_olof_thornell
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_nordenskiold
recruit_character = SWE_ivar_holmquist
recruit_character = SWE_fabian_tamm
recruit_character = SWE_charles_de_champs
recruit_character = SWE_axel_rappe
recruit_character = SWE_oscar_nygren
recruit_character = SWE_axel_ljungdahl
recruit_character = SWE_archibald_douglas
recruit_character = SWE_ernst_wigforss
recruit_character = SWE_thorwald_bergquist
recruit_character = SWE_osten_unden